what's up guys doesn't you hear back
with the final collection we finally did
it the Pittsburgh Penguins most
expensive guy here was Sidney Crosby I
think about them for 550 k malkin I was
borrowed from I fish HD so thank you to
that and then everybody else was pretty
reasonable actually Letang doesn't go
for a lot anymore he's like 8k and then
flurries like 15 like a thousand to
fifteen hundred basically that was it
yeah so basically this the most
expensive just because Crosby and Malkin
together is like 8 to 900,000 so it's a
tough one to do so let's get to the
packs alrighty so we got we got here 12
whole collection packs 12 whole
collection packs and let's get into her
pack number one last time Chicago we got
absolutely jack squat so booth bad start
now a good start hack number two come on
oh nothing fiddler oh baby yes hack
number three here we go baby Oh Trevor
Daley duration that's not bad it's
useful but yes nothing yet hack number
four come on oh wow we got a couple more
cards but nothing nothing rare orillia
we got this jersey all right I'll take
it I'll take it hack number five they
were a pack 5 all right still nothing
still nothing all right all right hack
number 6 come on brah 500 coins all
right I'll take it that's about it
though hack number seven and so far
nothing nothing Oh any injury hack
number eight so far we're getting phone
with the most expensive collection right
now arguably Chicago could be the most
expensive but I think I think it's this
one but so far Oh what
another fiddler is different darn it
pack number nine Oh Lord holy crap these
last couple collections have just been
horrible pack number ten come on Oh
phantom lacquer I thought that was
something cuz it was black but no ah
pack 11 oh man fun wow what a waste of
time all right pack 12 of 12 for
Pittsburgh it's been a while since we
pulled anything in these collection
packs and this is like the last one I
bet we get nothing though I bet we get
nothing let's go for it all or nothing
last pack of the collection series pick
Victor fiddler no I don't know his first
name oh my goodness what it's terrible
hacks oh my good all right so absolutely
jack squat again Chicago gave us jack
squat Pittsburgh's giving us jack squat
I don't think we got anything at La
either so oh there it is the collection
series wrapped up with the Pittsburgh
Penguins and a very disappointing finish
we pulled some good cards during the the
collection series but this is just
nothing not very good anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed the collection series and
yeah we'll see you guys next time thanks
for watching guys